Add page for job_history view (#3220)
timescale/docs: api/job_history.md

---
api_name: timescaledb_information.history
excerpt: Get information about background job execution
keywords: [jobs, information]
tags: [background jobs, scheduled jobs, automation framework, scheduled views]
api:
  license: community
  type: view
---

## timescaledb_information.job_history

> Shows information about failed and successull jobs run by the automation framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows information about the jobs run by the automation framework.
```

> This includes jobs set up for user-defined actions and jobs run by policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes jobs set up for user-defined actions, and jobs run by policies
```

created to manage data retention, continuous aggregates, compression, and
other automation policies. For more information about automation policies,

> see the [policies][actions] section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [User-Defined Actions][actions].
```

### Available columns

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`id`|INTEGER|The sequencial ID to identify the job execution|

> |`job_id`|INTEGER|The ID of the background job created to implement the policy|

Author: Looks like there's no change or am I missing something?

> |`succeeded`|BOOLEAN|`TRUE` if the job run without any error, `FALSE` for failed executions|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`succeeded`|BOOLEAN|`TRUE` when the job ran successfully, `FALSE` for failed executions|
```

> |`proc_schema`|TEXT|Schema name of the function or procedure executed by the job|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`proc_schema`|TEXT| The schema name of the function or procedure executed by the job|
```

> |`proc_name`|TEXT|Name of the function or procedure executed by the job|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`proc_name`|TEXT| The name of the function or procedure executed by the job|
```

|`pid`|INTEGER|The process ID of the background worker executing the job. This is `NULL` in the case of a job crash|

> |`start_time`|TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE|Start time of the job|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`start_time`|TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE| The time the job started|
```

> |`finish_time`|TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE|Time when error was reported|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`finish_time`|TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE| The time when the error was reported|
```

> |`config`|JSONB|Job configuration at the moment of the execution|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`config`|JSONB| The job configuration at the moment of execution|
```

|`sqlerrcode`|TEXT|The error code associated with this error, if any. See the [official PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/errcodes-appendix.html) for a full list of error codes|
|`err_message`|TEXT|The detailed error message|

### Sample usage

> See information about recent job executions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve information about recent jobs:
```

```sql
SELECT job_id, pid, proc_schema, proc_name, succeeded, config, sqlerrcode, err_message
FROM timescaledb_information.job_history
ORDER BY id, job_id;
 job_id |   pid   | proc_schema |    proc_name     | succeeded |   config   | sqlerrcode |   err_message    
--------+---------+-------------+------------------+-----------+------------+------------+------------------
   1001 | 1779278 | public      | custom_job_error | f         |            | 22012      | division by zero
   1000 | 1779407 | public      | custom_job_ok    | t         |            |            | 
   1001 | 1779408 | public      | custom_job_error | f         |            | 22012      | division by zero
   1000 | 1779467 | public      | custom_job_ok    | t         | {"foo": 1} |            | 
   1001 | 1779468 | public      | custom_job_error | f         | {"bar": 1} | 22012      | division by zero
(5 rows)
```

### Error retention policy

> The informational view `timescaledb_information.job_history` is defined on top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `timescaledb_information.job_history` informational view is defined on top
```

> of the table `_timescaledb_internal.bgw_job_stat_history` in the internal schema. To

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the `_timescaledb_internal.bgw_job_stat_history` table in the internal schema. To
```

> prevent this table from growing too large, a system background job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevent this table from growing too large, the
```

> `Job History Log Retention Policy [3]` is enabled by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Job History Log Retention Policy [3]` system background job is enabled by default,
```
